version=1
id=2849968335
title=Ukrainian Melee Weapons
description=Ukrainian Melee Weapons
description=
description=1. Bartka (Shepherd's axe)
description=2. Kelep (Battle hammer)
description=3. Bulava (Mace)
description=4. Pirnach (Flanged Mace)
description=5. Trizub (Trident)
description=6. Shablya (Kossack`s Sabre)
description=7. Scout's knife
description=8. Long pipe
description=9. Sharpened Long pipe
description=10. Rebar
description=11. Sharpened rebar
description=12. Long pipe staff
description=13. Butcher's knife
description=14. Battle Scythe
description=15. Scythe Knife
description=
description=to be continued...
description=
description=Workshop ID: 2849968335
description=Mod ID: ukr_melee
tags=Build 41;Items;Weapons
visibility=public
